Move some screenshots out of the alg tables for more emphasis (#4678)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: source/docs/user_manual/processing_algs/qgis/vectorgeometry.rst

Minimum bounding geometry
-------------------------
Creates geometries which enclose the features from an input layer.
The features can be grouped by a field.

> The output layer will then contain one feature per grouped value with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The output layer will then contain one feature per group value with
```

> a minimal geometry covering just the features with matching values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a geometry (MBB) that covers the geometries of  the features with matching value.
```
